explorer.exe -> cmd.exe
0 -> System
svchost.exe -> wuauclt.exe
svchost.exe -> dwm.exe
676 -> explorer.exe
xampp-control.e -> httpd.exe
explorer.exe -> VBoxTray.exe
explorer.exe -> cmd.exe
explorer.exe -> FTKImager.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> msdtc.exe
xampp-control.e -> mysqld.exe
explorer.exe -> xampp-control.e
xampp-control.e-> FileZillaServer
httpd.exe -> httpd.exe
svchost.exe -> taskeng.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> SLsvc.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> spoolsv.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
svchost.exe -> taskeng.exe
System -> smss.exe
516 -> winlogon.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
472 -> csrss.exe
472 -> wininit.exe
516 -> csrss.exe
wininit.exe -> services.exe
wininit.exe -> lsass.exe
wininit.exe -> lsm.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> VBoxService.exe
services.exe -> svchost.exe
services.exe -> TrustedInstalle
csrss.exe -> cmd1
csrss.exe -> cmd2
csrss.exe -> cmd1
csrss.exe -> cmd3
csrss.exe -> cmd4
csrss.exe -> cmd5
csrss.exe -> cmd2
csrss.exe -> cmd7
csrss.exe -> cmd8
csrss.exe -> cmd9
csrss.exe -> cmd7
csrss.exe -> cmd10
csrss.exe -> cmd11
csrss.exe -> cmd12
csrss.exe -> cmd13
csrss.exe -> cmd14
csrss.exe -> cmd15
csrss.exe -> cmd16
csrss.exe -> cmd17
csrss.exe -> cmd18
csrss.exe -> cmd18
csrss.exe -> cmd2

